data as rate of fire
can be considered our survival
the sword machine gun became the most
a massive machine gun pistol about a second
world war
they were released five and a half million
pieces
disc magazine 72 rounds gave it
the owner is enormous
advantage over the enemy
who had to shoot the shop almost
thrice
on time then why
beggars design is incredible
is simple
which made it easier to release his hands a little
qualified
wartime labor
women and children
after the shot, the recoil was thrown back behind
the fact that here
new special pool
to pay off neither energy nor
reload automatic
interesting and oblique means of Latvia
Poland
it was made to powder
gases hitting the board did not speak
not allowed to climb the trunk
patron dad was a powerful mauser 7 62
being carried on in the gun stage
of the shortcomings of beggars
there was a lot of weight and unreliable too
like a clock
she is often weak or worse movie
therefore appeared powder and shops
like German
but it is more than volume 35
ammunition and poland was good oho but
addition to what
the forty third year was adopted on
armament gun sudeva gun
simpler production and
easy to use
amid beggars die on
Congresswoman such a massive swim
magnificent in its operational
qualities
raid his court
according to some experts
the best type of weapon in its class two
world war
lightweight portable
even 50 years after the war
in the nineties in our country existed
plans to arm the police with this
a pistol
prevented that weakened defense
a lot of repetition was stored in warehouses
already started and
on this automaton sudeva today
appreciated